I guess we all react to difficult situations differently, some feel impotent. I get angry and will do everything in my power to fight the bastards. Ill want to leverage every tool at my disposal to push the good cause. 

My problem is that anything short of raging anger I see as weakness. The idea of kowtowing to the man fills me with disgust. But I guess this is my problem we all have to find our way through life and find our own route to happiness. I fully understand that life can be a lot simpler and less tumultuous if you tune out the outside word and focus on what's important - loved ones, and your own contentment (live in the now, be present, etc). We're all made of different stuff.

Unfortunately when I see injustice I (metaphorically) think, 'theres only 1 of you mate and theres 99 of us'! The problem is when I turn around to see who's behind me theres only a few standing at my side. This is our greatest weakness, we no longer understand solidarity! 

We'll live as islands, as directed by our masters. What would it take to change this paradigm (obviously watching V is for vendetta isn't enough ;- ) 

I'm sorry but (if I ruled the world) I'd remove the right to vote for anyone who repeatedly refused t use it - use it or lose it But I'm also fully aware that would make me as bad as the people I'm fundamentally oposed to :-0

As a bit of a Marxist I see Socialism as an enabler of Capitalism. We're far more likely to see a grass roots rising if we had unadulterated capitalism. It's a kind of 'things have to get worse before that can get better' mentality. Why do anything to soften the current situation, we should let it run rampant so we can get to a critical mass of disillusionment and decent (Well at least that’s what the idealist in me fantasises).

The pragmatist side of me thought can't stand 'sleeping on a lumpy mattress'. I'd rather go get a few extra blankets and try to make the dam bed a little more comfortable to sleep in. Not just for me but also for frail Francis who’s on the lumpiest bit and the poor bugger doesn't know how to get the blankets. I feel it’s then my duty to try and have solidarity with my fellow bed companions. Especially when I have some power, all be it restricted to do something about the situation (I hope you can excuse the over stretched metaphor).

I remember when Labour got in after the Grey man, I was so ecstatic. I foolishly thought I was going to witness big changes. How stupid and naive! The continued sucking up to big business - the banking crisis - war, It was as if the Tories had got in - I was disgusted! BUT while big political change didn't happen I did see local change.

After the last tory occupation many of my friends were out of work. This would be expected from someone who comes from the poverty stricken valleys. On the up side it did mean that we got time to get together and enjoy one another's company. Then Labour got in and there was this thing called the 'new deal'. One of my friends had his driving lessons and test paid for as well as help writing a business plan and help finding some setup money. He became a traveling drums teacher. Another friend wanted new boots so we could get a job striming the grass by the side of the road - they give him the money he got the job (he was pleased as punch). I was even talking to the guy at the record store in Haverfordwest (AW Jazz), he set that business up with the aid of 'new deal'. 

Within the first couple of years of a Labour government, I couldn't get any help decorating the house, because all my mates we're in work! While the big picture remained the same on the front line of poverty there was change for the better. I'm not saying this makes everything OK. But for those who need it most it was a welcome respite from brutal tory policy. 

Today many of friends who work on front line services dealing with those who are most vulnerable, helping those under threat of violence and abuse, have seen their budgets ravaged and services have been forced to close. Those in our society who need our help the most (and are unseen by most) are being abandoned. 

It's for these reasons that I vote! 
I'm OK, I'm always going to be able to earn a good wage, and I’m bright, strong and entrepreneurial - I can afford to be idealistic. But I also have to know that I've done everything in my power to help those who need it most. Voting takes the same time as signing an online petition, but it’s a bit more effective at bringing about change.